FFM-8304: adds 797xx FM relnotes (STAGED) (#2239)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

---
title: Feature Flags release notes
sidebar_label: Feature Flags

> date: 2023-06-26T10:00:25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-06-27T10:00:25
```

For now, deployment is on the 27th: https://harness.slack.com/archives/C012UCJARRN/p1687451440111309

Harness deploys updates progressively to different Harness SaaS clusters. You can identify the cluster hosting your account in your Account Overview page. The features and fixes in the release notes may not be available in your cluster immediately.
:::

> ## Latest - June 26, 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Latest - June 27, 2023
```

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

#### Feature Flags UI

> * On the **Feature Flags** page, when viewing the state of flags across all environments, the flag status column now scrolls all the rows as one. This allows for easier viewing of flag and environment states on one screen. (FFM-7643)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the **Feature Flags** page, when viewing the state of flags across all environments, the flag status column now scrolls all the rows as one. This makes it easier to view flag and environment states on one screen. (FFM-7643)
```

Optional suggestion.
